= Map marker icons

From http://code.google.com/p/google-maps-icons/

CSS Sprites generated via http://spritegen.website-performance.org/

Enjoy!

Notes:

Due to file size limitation of the spritegen service, I had to split up the icons into two separate sprite pics. 

One option is to use _imagemagick_ or similar to stick the two images together or use some other service to generate the sprites.

http://www.imagemagick.org/script/convert.php

Another option would be to split it up into multiple icons based on icon category.

The Numeric CSS sprites are not yet complete. Please help complete the remainding colors!

== Install

Setup in your application stylesheet manifest file, fx assets/stylesheets/application.css

Here using all the basic marker icons and the green numeric markers

/*
 *= require map-marker-icons/icons
 *= require map-marker-icons/icons2 
 *= require map-marker-icons/color/green
*/

The gem includes some View helper methods also (example in HAML)

= map_markers do
	= map_marker_list :laboratory => 'Lab', :library => 'The Library'

Note: The view helpers are primitive and could/should be improved!

== Contributing to map-marker-icons
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet.
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it.
* Fork the project.
* Start a feature/bugfix branch.
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution.
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2012 Kristian Mandrup. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

